Updated documentation for AC (#2436)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: tools/accuracy_checker/accuracy_checker/metrics/README.md

# Metrics

> Metric is a function which is used to evaluate and compare predicted data with annotated data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Metric is a class which is used to compare predicted data with annotated data and perform quality measurement.
```

Author: Done
